docs: explain Linux builder requirement on macOS (#501)
astro/microvm.nix: doc/src/faq.md

`services.udev.extraRules` that assign ownership/permissions to the
individually used block devices.

## I'm on macOS and builds fail with `Required system: 'aarch64-linux'`. What do I do?

On macOS, **microvm.nix** uses the `vfkit` hypervisor to run Linux
guests through Apple's native Virtualization.framework. While vfkit
itself runs natively on macOS, the guest NixOS system still has to be
built for Linux, and `aarch64-darwin` / `x86_64-darwin` cannot produce

> Linux store paths on their own. You therefore need access to a Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
built for Linux, and `aarch64-darwin` / `x86_64-darwin` cannot compile
or cross compile those. You therefore need access to a Linux
```
